doc(development guide): Add information about form fields in dev guide (#72)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: development-guide.md

- Do not log sensitive data. Ensure only necessary information is kept in logs, and never log any sensitive data. Such data may include credentials (passwords, tokens, keys, etc.), customer data, payment information, or PII.
- Encrypt HTTP requests. Entities like URLs, URL parameters, and query parameters are always encrypted for logging, and customer approval is needed to decrypt and examine them.

## Setup Form Guidelines
- Keep the form clear and concise, only requesting essential information for successful connector setup.
- Use clear and descriptive labels for each form field. Avoid technical jargon if possible.
- Organize the fields in a logical order that reflects the setup process.

### RPC Calls
#### ConfigurationForm
This operation retrieves all the setup form fields and tests information. You can provide various parameters for the fields to enhance the user experience, such as descriptions, optional fields, and more.

#### Test

> The previous RPC call retrieves the tests that need to be executed during connection setup. This operation then invokes the test with the customer's credentials as parameters. Finally, it should return a success or failure indication for the test execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`ConfigurationForm` RPC call](#configurationform) retrieves the tests that need to be executed during connection setup. The `Test` call then invokes the test with the customer's credentials as parameters. As a result, it should return a success or failure indication for the test execution.
```

### Supported setup form fields 

> - Text Field: A standard text input field for user text entry.

Reviewer 2: Can we add the Text fields available for this:
You provide a 'title' displayed above the field and can optionally provide a 'description' upto x characters long which is displayed below the field and can help explain what should be completed.

Author: Added

> - Dropdown: A dropdown selection menu that allows users to choose one option from the list provided by you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dropdown: A drop-down menu that allows users to choose one option from the list provided by you.
```

> g- Text Field: A standard text input field for user text entry. You can provide a `title` displayed above the field. You can indicate whether the field is `required`, and you may also include an optional `description` displayed below the field to help explain what should be completed by the user.

Reviewer: @fivetran-satvikpatil Is this a typo?

Author: Yes it is a typo

Author: Updated it.

- Toggle Field: A toggle switch for binary options (e.g., on/off or yes/no).

## Source Connector guidelines

- Don't push anything other than source data to the destination. State data is saved to production database and returned in `UpdateRequest`.
- Don't forget to handle new schemas/tables/columns per the information and user choices in `UpdateRequest#selection`.
- Make sure you checkpoint at least once an hour. In general, the more frequently you do it, the better.

### RPC Calls
#### Schema

> This operation retrieves the customer's schemas, tables, and columns. It also includes an optional `selection_not_supported` field that indicates whether customers can select or deselect tables and columns within the Fivetran dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Schema` RPC call retrieves the user's schemas, tables, and columns. It also includes an optional `selection_not_supported` field that indicates whether the user can select or deselect tables and columns within the Fivetran dashboard.
```

#### Update

> This operation should retrieve data from the source. We send a request using the `UpdateRequest` message, which includes the customer's state, credentials, and schema information. The response, streaming through the `UpdateResponse` message, can contain data records and other supported operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Update` RPC call should retrieve data from the source. We send a request using the `UpdateRequest` message, which includes the user's connection state, credentials, and schema information. The response, streaming through the `UpdateResponse` message, can contain data records and other supported operations.
```

- However, this operation should not drop any columns even if the `AlterTable` request has a table with a different set of columns. Dropping columns could lead to unexpected customer data loss and is against Fivetran's general approach to data movement.

#### WriteBatchRequest

> This operation provides details about the batch files containing the records to be pushed to the destination. We provide the `WriteBatchRequest` parameter that contains all the information required for you to read the batch files. Here are some of the fields included in the request message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WriteBatchRequest` RPC call provides details about the batch files containing the records to be pushed to the destination. We provide the `WriteBatchRequest` parameter that contains all the information required for you to read the batch files. Here are some of the fields included in the request message:
```

Reviewer: @fivetran-satvikpatil We might use 'The `CallName` RPC call ..." wording across the document.
